README.md, before:

## Hi everyone <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="5%">

### About me
I'm a passionate Full Stack Developer currently working at Egen, where I leverage my extensive experience in building applications.<br>
My journey led me to discover the power of JavaScript, and I've been deeply involved in the front-end ecosystem.<br>

### Open-source
As a core team member of Qwik, an open-source project, I actively contribute to its development and the wider OSS community.<br>
I'm an avid learner, constantly seeking new challenges and knowledge to enhance my skills.<br>

### International speaker
Sharing my expertise with others is a true passion of mine.<br>
I'm an international speaker, engaging audiences worldwide and contributing to the global tech community.<br>
My ambition drives me to improve myself daily, always striving for excellence in my craft. 🚀<br>

<!--

Giorgio Boa is a passionate Full Stack Developer currently working at Qarik, where he leverages extensive experience in building applications.
His journey led to the discovery of the power of JavaScript, and he has been deeply involved in the front-end ecosystem.
As a core team member of Qwik, an open-source project, Giorgio actively contributes to its development and the wider OSS community.
He is an avid learner, constantly seeking new challenges and knowledge to enhance his skills.
Sharing expertise with others is a true passion for Giorgio. He is an international speaker, engaging audiences worldwide and contributing to the global tech community.
His ambition drives him to improve daily, always striving for excellence in his craft. 🚀

Giorgio Boa è un appassionato Full Stack Developer che attualmente lavora presso Qarik, dove sfrutta la sua vasta esperienza nella creazione di applicazioni complesse.
Il suo percorso lo ha portato alla scoperta della potenza di JavaScript ed è particolarmente innamorato dell'ecosistema front-end.
Come membro del team principale di Qwik, un framework open source, Giorgio contribuisce attivamente al suo sviluppo ed in maniera più ampia e' molto attivo nella comunità OSS.
È molto curioso, alla continua ricerca di nuove sfide e conoscenze per migliorare le sue competenze.
Condividere la propria esperienza con gli altri è una vera passione per Giorgio, infatti é speaker internazionale e coinvolge il pubblico in tutto il mondo.
La sua ambizione lo spinge a migliorare ogni giorno, puntando sempre all'eccellenza nel suo mestiere. 🚀

### Contacts

<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://twitter.com/giorgio_boa" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" width="32" height="32" /></a>
&nbsp; 
<a href="https://it.linkedin.com/in/giorgio-boa" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" width="32" height="32" /></a>
</p>


###
 
![My GitHub](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?theme=dracula&username=gioboa&count_private=true&show_icons=true&custom_title=My+stats&include_all_commits=true)<br>
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?theme=dracula&username=gioboa&hide=html,php,css&count_private=true&show_icons=true&layout=compact)
<br><br>



## My public activity timeline

### 2023

#### Conferences

- 02 Dec - DevFest Venice 🇮🇹 Open source, from zero to my hero: Valentino Rossi
- 11 Nov - DevFest Trento 🇮🇹 Open source, from zero to my hero: Valentino Rossi
- 24 Oct - Codemotion Milan 🇮🇹 Building Performant Applications at Scale with Qwik-City
- 23 Oct - React Advanced 🇬🇧 Micro-frontends with React and Vite Module Federation
- 29 Sep - ReactLive 🇳🇱 Improve your React hydration with Qwik
- 21 Sep - Commit Software 🇮🇹 Qwik, il framework che ti stupirà
- 20 Sep - JavaScript Global Summit 🌏 Serverless application with React & AWS
- 28 Jul - WeAreDevelopers World Congress 🇩🇪 tRPC: API schemas are pure overhead
- 27 Jun - Developer Week 🇩🇪 Qwik: a new era has started
- 12 Jun - Micro Frontends Conference 🌏 Micro Frontends with Qwik: Never Been Easier
- 06 Jun - VUE.JS Global Summit 🌏 tRPC: API schemas are pure overhead
- 02 Jun - React Summit 🇳🇱 Get rid of your API schemas with tRPC
- 20 May - XE One Day - App modernization 🇮🇹 Qwik, il framework che ti stupirà
- 10 May - Codemotion Madrid 🇪🇸 Micro-frontends with Svelte & Module Federation
- 22 Feb - Filestack conf 🌏 A Qwik Integration to File Management
- 08 Feb - JSWorld 🇳🇱 Qwik: web revolution by default

#### Meetups

- 12 Oct - Marca User Group 🇮🇹 Open source, from zero to my hero: Valentino Rossi
- 05 Oct - YouTube 🇮🇹 È Qwik il framework del futuro?
- 04 Jul - YouTube Devmy 🇮🇹 Open Source: non è un paese per scrocconi
- 26 Apr - Qwik Amsterdam 🇳🇱 Qwik: a new mental model is here
- 13 Apr - Developers Shore 🌏 Qwik: a new mental model is here
- 30 Mar - React Berlin 🇩🇪 Micro-frontends with Vite & Module Federation: yes, we can 
- 14 Mar - ReactJS Milano 🇮🇹 Qwik, il framework che ti stupirà
- 27 Feb - SvelteSociety 🇬🇧 Micro-frontends with Svelte & Module Federation
- 21 Feb - Qwik Night 🌏 Let's talk about Qwik
- 27 Jan - Qwik LiveStream 🌏 Qwik: the new framework
- 18 Jan - RomaJS 🇮🇹 Qwik: il framework con una marcia in più

#### Podcasts

- 03 May - The Code and Coffee Show 🎙️ Learn Qwik
- 25 Apr - The Developers' Bakery 🎙️ Qwik UI with Giorgio Boa
- 18 Apr - WeAreDevelopers 🎙️ Mastering Public Speaking
- 14 Mar - SparkFabrik 🎙️ Let's talk about my open source path

### 2022

#### Conferences

- 02 Dec - React Day Berlin 🇩🇪 Get rid of your API schemas with tRPC
- 22 Nov - Angular Meetup Graz 🌏 Spotify-Clone with Module Federation
- 18 Nov - ModernFrontends 🇬🇧 Serverless production ready with Svelte + AWS Cognito and Amplify
- 24 Oct - iJS Munich 🇩🇪 Strategic Testing Decisions
- 18 Oct - Codemotion Milan 🇮🇹 Frontend Panel
- 28 Sep - JavaScript Global Summit 🌏 Micro-frontends with Svelte & Module Federation
- 14 Jun - WeAreDevelopers World Congress 🇩🇪 From Angular to React due the Cryptocurrencies
- 09 Feb - JSWORLD Conference 🇳🇱 [Serverless Production Ready with Svelte](https://youtu.be/i4lEouGQ2z8)

#### Meetups

- 23 Nov - Marca User Group 🇮🇹 Micro-frontends with Svelte & Module Federation
- 18 May - Codemotion 🇮🇹 [Micro Frontends: Tante soluzioni per un futuro migliore](https://talks.codemotion.com/micro-frontends-tante-soluzioni-per-un-f)
- 04 May - Codemotion 🇮🇹 [Micro Frontends: Le più robuste tecniche di orchestrazione](https://talks.codemotion.com/microfronted-le-pi-robuste-tecniche-di-o)
- 21 Jan - Crafted Software Milan 🇮🇹 [Effective Remote Working](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXtG0ePZpmY)

#### Podcasts

- 30 Jun - Gitbar 🎙️ [Ep.121 - Svelte e dintorni con Giorgio Boa](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7vRTQrhWyVzWSyfjvJO33J)

### 2021

#### Conferences

- 20 Nov - Svelte Summit Fall 2021 🇸🇪 Serverless production ready with Svelte + AWS Cognito and Amplify

#### Meetups

- 16 Dic - Frontend RheinMain 🇩🇪 [Effort optimization with Svelte + AWS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9absknhOmk)
- 19 May - FEVR 🇮🇹 [Serverless production ready with Svelte](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NE64tgpOpZM)
- 18 Mar - Commit University 🇮🇹 [Leggerezza + semplicità ^ 2 = Svelte](https://youtu.be/7CUSv5L9_Ik?t=1296)

#### Workshops

- 25 Mar - Online Tech Conference - Italian Edition 🇮🇹 [#FlutterYourFantasy - let's listen to some good music!](https://events.codemotion.com/conferences/online/2021/online-tech-conference-italian-edition-spring/workshops)

#### Podcasts

- 31 Mar - PointerPodcast 🎙️ [Pointer[45]: Quattro Chiacchiere Con ItalianCoders](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4w9OcdDihRBAiol6ZWYLQc)
- 19 Feb - Schrödinger Hat 🎙️ [ExpStories - Giorgio Boa](https://open.spotify.com/episode/0PBIUaWpJMrGEi9Jo9CrXl)

### 2020

#### Conferences

- 18 Oct - DevFest Italia 2020 🇮🇹 [Lunga vita a community 🥳 & open source 💻](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcYJVAc9S80)
- 03 May - GDG DevParty Together 🇮🇹 [Micro Frontends: Breaking up the Monolith](https://youtu.be/NevD6AlZP6I?list=PLP7BVzStXmbBykvsvTfjE8U1DDd1JnoqA&t=17396)
- 16 Apr - MUG Marca User Group 🇮🇹 [Micro Frontends: Breaking up the Monolith](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH3T4DvUIXU)

#### Meetups

- 25 Jun - Devmy 🇮🇹 [Framework...facciamo in fretta, anzi facciamo Svelte!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjcxPGMEhBo)
- 11 Jun - Dev Community Night 🇮🇹 Dallo sviluppo alla produzione con Docker
- 04 Jun - Dev Community Night 🇮🇹 Git: il tool che ogni sviluppatore dovrebbe utilizzare!

-->

Commit message:

chore: update GH profile 🍍
Added a section for GitHub Star nominations.

README.md, after:

## Hi everyone <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="5%">

### About me
I'm a passionate Full Stack Developer currently working at Egen, where I leverage my extensive experience in building applications.<br>
My journey led me to discover the power of JavaScript, and I've been deeply involved in the front-end ecosystem.<br>

### Open-source
As a core team member of Qwik, an open-source project, I actively contribute to its development and the wider OSS community.<br>
I'm an avid learner, constantly seeking new challenges and knowledge to enhance my skills.<br>

### International speaker
Sharing my expertise with others is a true passion of mine.<br>
I'm an international speaker, engaging audiences worldwide and contributing to the global tech community.<br>
My ambition drives me to improve myself daily, always striving for excellence in my craft. 🚀<br>

### Do you like my work and commitment? 

You can [nominate me](https://stars.github.com/nominate/) for the GitHub Star program. 🙏 Thanks.

<!--

Giorgio Boa is a passionate Full Stack Developer currently working at Qarik, where he leverages extensive experience in building applications.
His journey led to the discovery of the power of JavaScript, and he has been deeply involved in the front-end ecosystem.
As a core team member of Qwik, an open-source project, Giorgio actively contributes to its development and the wider OSS community.
He is an avid learner, constantly seeking new challenges and knowledge to enhance his skills.
Sharing expertise with others is a true passion for Giorgio. He is an international speaker, engaging audiences worldwide and contributing to the global tech community.
His ambition drives him to improve daily, always striving for excellence in his craft. 🚀

Giorgio Boa è un appassionato Full Stack Developer che attualmente lavora presso Qarik, dove sfrutta la sua vasta esperienza nella creazione di applicazioni complesse.
Il suo percorso lo ha portato alla scoperta della potenza di JavaScript ed è particolarmente innamorato dell'ecosistema front-end.
Come membro del team principale di Qwik, un framework open source, Giorgio contribuisce attivamente al suo sviluppo ed in maniera più ampia e' molto attivo nella comunità OSS.
È molto curioso, alla continua ricerca di nuove sfide e conoscenze per migliorare le sue competenze.
Condividere la propria esperienza con gli altri è una vera passione per Giorgio, infatti é speaker internazionale e coinvolge il pubblico in tutto il mondo.
La sua ambizione lo spinge a migliorare ogni giorno, puntando sempre all'eccellenza nel suo mestiere. 🚀

### Contacts

<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://twitter.com/giorgio_boa" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" width="32" height="32" /></a>
&nbsp; 
<a href="https://it.linkedin.com/in/giorgio-boa" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" width="32" height="32" /></a>
</p>


###
 
![My GitHub](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?theme=dracula&username=gioboa&count_private=true&show_icons=true&custom_title=My+stats&include_all_commits=true)<br>
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?theme=dracula&username=gioboa&hide=html,php,css&count_private=true&show_icons=true&layout=compact)
<br><br>



## My public activity timeline

### 2023

#### Conferences

- 02 Dec - DevFest Venice 🇮🇹 Open source, from zero to my hero: Valentino Rossi
- 11 Nov - DevFest Trento 🇮🇹 Open source, from zero to my hero: Valentino Rossi
- 24 Oct - Codemotion Milan 🇮🇹 Building Performant Applications at Scale with Qwik-City
- 23 Oct - React Advanced 🇬🇧 Micro-frontends with React and Vite Module Federation
- 29 Sep - ReactLive 🇳🇱 Improve your React hydration with Qwik
- 21 Sep - Commit Software 🇮🇹 Qwik, il framework che ti stupirà
- 20 Sep - JavaScript Global Summit 🌏 Serverless application with React & AWS
- 28 Jul - WeAreDevelopers World Congress 🇩🇪 tRPC: API schemas are pure overhead
- 27 Jun - Developer Week 🇩🇪 Qwik: a new era has started
- 12 Jun - Micro Frontends Conference 🌏 Micro Frontends with Qwik: Never Been Easier
- 06 Jun - VUE.JS Global Summit 🌏 tRPC: API schemas are pure overhead
- 02 Jun - React Summit 🇳🇱 Get rid of your API schemas with tRPC
- 20 May - XE One Day - App modernization 🇮🇹 Qwik, il framework che ti stupirà
- 10 May - Codemotion Madrid 🇪🇸 Micro-frontends with Svelte & Module Federation
- 22 Feb - Filestack conf 🌏 A Qwik Integration to File Management
- 08 Feb - JSWorld 🇳🇱 Qwik: web revolution by default

#### Meetups

- 12 Oct - Marca User Group 🇮🇹 Open source, from zero to my hero: Valentino Rossi
- 05 Oct - YouTube 🇮🇹 È Qwik il framework del futuro?
- 04 Jul - YouTube Devmy 🇮🇹 Open Source: non è un paese per scrocconi
- 26 Apr - Qwik Amsterdam 🇳🇱 Qwik: a new mental model is here
- 13 Apr - Developers Shore 🌏 Qwik: a new mental model is here
- 30 Mar - React Berlin 🇩🇪 Micro-frontends with Vite & Module Federation: yes, we can 
- 14 Mar - ReactJS Milano 🇮🇹 Qwik, il framework che ti stupirà
- 27 Feb - SvelteSociety 🇬🇧 Micro-frontends with Svelte & Module Federation
- 21 Feb - Qwik Night 🌏 Let's talk about Qwik
- 27 Jan - Qwik LiveStream 🌏 Qwik: the new framework
- 18 Jan - RomaJS 🇮🇹 Qwik: il framework con una marcia in più

#### Podcasts

- 03 May - The Code and Coffee Show 🎙️ Learn Qwik
- 25 Apr - The Developers' Bakery 🎙️ Qwik UI with Giorgio Boa
- 18 Apr - WeAreDevelopers 🎙️ Mastering Public Speaking
- 14 Mar - SparkFabrik 🎙️ Let's talk about my open source path

### 2022

#### Conferences

- 02 Dec - React Day Berlin 🇩🇪 Get rid of your API schemas with tRPC
- 22 Nov - Angular Meetup Graz 🌏 Spotify-Clone with Module Federation
- 18 Nov - ModernFrontends 🇬🇧 Serverless production ready with Svelte + AWS Cognito and Amplify
- 24 Oct - iJS Munich 🇩🇪 Strategic Testing Decisions
- 18 Oct - Codemotion Milan 🇮🇹 Frontend Panel
- 28 Sep - JavaScript Global Summit 🌏 Micro-frontends with Svelte & Module Federation
- 14 Jun - WeAreDevelopers World Congress 🇩🇪 From Angular to React due the Cryptocurrencies
- 09 Feb - JSWORLD Conference 🇳🇱 [Serverless Production Ready with Svelte](https://youtu.be/i4lEouGQ2z8)

#### Meetups

- 23 Nov - Marca User Group 🇮🇹 Micro-frontends with Svelte & Module Federation
- 18 May - Codemotion 🇮🇹 [Micro Frontends: Tante soluzioni per un futuro migliore](https://talks.codemotion.com/micro-frontends-tante-soluzioni-per-un-f)
- 04 May - Codemotion 🇮🇹 [Micro Frontends: Le più robuste tecniche di orchestrazione](https://talks.codemotion.com/microfronted-le-pi-robuste-tecniche-di-o)
- 21 Jan - Crafted Software Milan 🇮🇹 [Effective Remote Working](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXtG0ePZpmY)

#### Podcasts

- 30 Jun - Gitbar 🎙️ [Ep.121 - Svelte e dintorni con Giorgio Boa](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7vRTQrhWyVzWSyfjvJO33J)

### 2021

#### Conferences

- 20 Nov - Svelte Summit Fall 2021 🇸🇪 Serverless production ready with Svelte + AWS Cognito and Amplify

#### Meetups

- 16 Dic - Frontend RheinMain 🇩🇪 [Effort optimization with Svelte + AWS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9absknhOmk)
- 19 May - FEVR 🇮🇹 [Serverless production ready with Svelte](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NE64tgpOpZM)
- 18 Mar - Commit University 🇮🇹 [Leggerezza + semplicità ^ 2 = Svelte](https://youtu.be/7CUSv5L9_Ik?t=1296)

#### Workshops

- 25 Mar - Online Tech Conference - Italian Edition 🇮🇹 [#FlutterYourFantasy - let's listen to some good music!](https://events.codemotion.com/conferences/online/2021/online-tech-conference-italian-edition-spring/workshops)

#### Podcasts

- 31 Mar - PointerPodcast 🎙️ [Pointer[45]: Quattro Chiacchiere Con ItalianCoders](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4w9OcdDihRBAiol6ZWYLQc)
- 19 Feb - Schrödinger Hat 🎙️ [ExpStories - Giorgio Boa](https://open.spotify.com/episode/0PBIUaWpJMrGEi9Jo9CrXl)

### 2020

#### Conferences

- 18 Oct - DevFest Italia 2020 🇮🇹 [Lunga vita a community 🥳 & open source 💻](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcYJVAc9S80)
- 03 May - GDG DevParty Together 🇮🇹 [Micro Frontends: Breaking up the Monolith](https://youtu.be/NevD6AlZP6I?list=PLP7BVzStXmbBykvsvTfjE8U1DDd1JnoqA&t=17396)
- 16 Apr - MUG Marca User Group 🇮🇹 [Micro Frontends: Breaking up the Monolith](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH3T4DvUIXU)

#### Meetups

- 25 Jun - Devmy 🇮🇹 [Framework...facciamo in fretta, anzi facciamo Svelte!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjcxPGMEhBo)
- 11 Jun - Dev Community Night 🇮🇹 Dallo sviluppo alla produzione con Docker
- 04 Jun - Dev Community Night 🇮🇹 Git: il tool che ogni sviluppatore dovrebbe utilizzare!

-->
